So far we have been using built-in functions like print and open, and also object methods like string.lower or file.close(). In this unit, we’ll learn how to write our own functions, and call them from other parts of our program. 
The function starts with the ‘def’ keyword, and then we get to write its name, its arguments (in round brackets. Importantly, at the end of the first line, there is the colon, which signifies the start of a new code block, so increase the intent by one:
def my_function(arg1, arg2):
	pass


There must be at least one line of code in the new code block for this function. If we want our function to do absolutely nothing, we can write a line that says ‘pass’.
now we can try calling our function, even though it doesn’t currently do anything.
my_function()
However, calling the function with no input arguments doesn’t work, because we need to provide two arguments, to be referenced as ‘arg1’ and ‘arg2’ by the function.
my_function(‘hello’, ‘function’)
We can return an object from the function, back to the place from which it was called – in this case, the ‘main scope’ of the program, which simply means outside of all functions. Let’s try something simple to start with: we’ll return the number 10.
now we’ll make our function do something more useful and return the result back to the place where it was called. 
inside the function code block, let’s  convert both arg1 and arg2 to title case, join them into a single string, separated by a space. Please do have a go at doing this yourself.
A standard way to do this is to concatenate the three strings together, like this. (The middle string is the space character). 

We’ll now take a look at exceptions. These occur when something goes wrong in our program. 
example:
def ask_user_for_age(user_name):
	s = ‘please enter your age, ‘ + user_name
	a = input(a)
return int(age)
age = ask_user_for_age(‘John’)
The function we have written works fine if the user enters an integer. But if they enter any other text, the program stops with an error. You will probably have seen these before – we say that an exception has been raised. 
Our program does not include any code to ‘handle’ this exception, so our program stops. To fix this, we can include ‘try’ and ‘except’ blocks in our code.
This can be at the level of the calling function:

Or it can be within the scope of the function that is called:
With either of these designs, we can modify the program so that the user is repeatedly asked for their age, until they input an integer. can you think how you could do this?


To recap, we’ve learned how to define our own functions that take arguments as input and return a result as their output. We’ve encountered Exceptions that occur if we do not pass in the correct number of parameters, or include at least one line of python in the python. And then we learned how to handle Exceptions, so that the program does not terminate abnormally.
